---

---
# Issues

* \[ \] All: resolve all TBD issues
* \[x\] Jelmer: add abbreviations
* \[x\] Jelmer: add specification page
* \[x\] Jelmer: edit first sentence of home page
* \[x\] Jelmer: find existing texts about eduxchange and rio to testimonials
* \[x\] Jelmer: move contact information to contact page
* \[ \] Jelmer: check community working group text
* \[ \] Jelmer: check video
* \[x\] Jelmer: fix the links in governance, jump to sections
* \[ \] Jelmer: Forestry.io spell checker to UK
* \[ \] Jelmer: review the governance text about where the spec can be found
* \[ \] Jelmer/Ronald: fix the data model
* \[ \] Jim: add intro about bylaws + code of conduct to top of governance page
* \[x\] Jim: change contact persons in table of working groups to something like "representative(s)"
* \[ \] Jim: Check for duplications in governance and bylaws
* \[ \] Jim: rewrite the REST section of the Technical Information page
* \[ \] Jim: update governance version and date (version info. etc. needed to complete this task JH)
* \[X\] Ronald: add missing image to the scope page
* \[X\] Ronald: fix video link once we clean up the fork
* \[ \] Ronald: restructure profiles and consumers so the consumer object and their profiles would be together
* \[ \] Ronald/Jelmer: add a GH action to generate downloadable bundle of spec
* \[ \] Tibert: consider adding a diagram how the governance it works
* \[ \] Tibert/Frans: check working group members